Only look at ENV.bson, WEAR.bson and VID.bson files
ACCEL values x,y,z - are based on gravity coordinates. Value 1 in x,y or z means 1g, 4=4g. Will always be negative.
Should be plot as lines (individual for x, y, z) on  a graph. Need to consider the variation and not the absoulte values.
We need to check how it changes over time/ distance.
hid - hardware id (check hypercat --> items to determine which hardware it is refering to).
uid - chech hypercat--> items to find which wearable it is.
Hypercat --- > items.json gives details of sensors based on the uids.
Every 20s data is captured. But might have delays and lost packets.

Figure out the data structure for each particular sensor.
RSSI- signal to noise ratio. High Negative means closer to the gateway in that particular room. Low negative means farther away.

Always use bt as the time for the plotting or calculations.

There is a gw array, which also contains the RSSI --> needs this for indoor localisation.
The t fields, like t=0, t=0.04 are the time offsets from bt.
So, t=0 means the latest time and final timestamp is calculated like bt-t.
t=0.04 is actually bt-0.04 timestamp (earlier than t=0).
The RSSI values in the gw array will be for the gateways that were connected at that point of time.

Use BMP_TEMP and HDC_TEMP for temperature. Will have slight variations in values, but should show the same trend when visualized.
Pressure might not be of extreme help.
HDC_HUM = humidity needs to considered.
PIR_TRIGS = person in room triggers, cannot be completely trusted. need to be backed up with other sensor readings.

We can use a MONGODB database and put all those bson files into it.
Any how, we need data pre-processing and justification of the methods followed.

Video data - Should be looked at if we have time, or we cannot do without it.
VID sensor data readings contain Lower left and upper right coordinates for the 2D and 3D bounding boxes.
There is intensity and activity values in the vid jsons, but these cannot be trusted completely.

Major tasks:
Do the pre-processing.
Transform the data if needed and visualize the trends possibly.
We need to visualize the sensor readings before and after the experiment to justify that the activities did cause a change.
Annotate the data.
Understand how we can classify using ML.
Clearly define our objective of this project --- Need suggestions.

